Week of June 23 + June 30 (#382)
xregistry/spec: endpoint/spec.md

- Type: String
- Description: The name of the specification that defines the Resource
  stored in the registry. Often it is difficult to unambiguously determine

>   what a Resource is by simply inspecting its serialization. This attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  what a Resource is by simply inspecting its serialized form. This attribute
```

(I view serialization as a process rather than a result that can be inspected.) Happy for this to be resolved with no action though.

Author: done
